When I was 16, I was focusing on
becoming a good open source developer. I
love the fact that I'm still working on
something I was passionate about as a
teenager, and I think this is going to
be my life mission.
>> [music]
>> Replit is the place where you go with an
idea in mind, no coding skills
whatsoever, expressing natural language
what they want to build, and then they
see the magic for the first time. We
made coding so accessible to everyone.
They don't even feel that they're
writing code anymore. They're just
creating an idea that they have in their
mind and turning it into an application,
turning into a website. So, when you
started building the Replit Agent and
you were experimenting with different
models, why did you land on using
Claude? We need high IQ level in our
agent. I love to use this analogy where
models are like the car engine and we're
building the entire car around it
ourselves. In order for us to remove the
barrier of entry of coding, the power of
the model is what makes the difference.
We made a choice back in early 2024
where Sonnet 3.5 [music]
came out, and since then Anthropic kept
the lead in having the best coding
models on the market. So, one of my
favorite parts of my job in Applied AI
is when we work with you on early
research previews of our newest models.
It feels like receiving a shiny toy at
Christmas.
The discovery process of finding out
what it's capable of to do is the
[music] most exciting window of time we
have.
Early 2025, you gave us access to Sonnet
3.7. We rushed to create Replit Agent
V2.
And the moment Anthropic launched the
new model and we launched literally the
same day our new agent, there was an
incredible marketing pop. And this is
something that's used by relatively few
people at the moment. It's a kind of a
hidden secret or
I think we recently crossed 40 million
registered users. We got a lot of
attention because users [music]
experience something they have never
seen before in our product.
So, what makes Repl.it unique?
We remove all that complexity that makes
the job of a software engineer really
hard. That barrier has been completely
crushed by Repl.it. And I'm approached
by people that didn't even feel the
permission to create software in their
life. They always had like an amazing
business idea. They are now doing the
zero to one completely rapid.
This is changing people's lives.